generally, the Chiefs know a lot more than some of his subordinates. There
are times that I'm at a table and we talked for an hour just with
the Chang, the chief engineer, the other officers in the units, the
junior officers in the unit, about the overall goal of the ship.
You know what? We have this ship in, uh, in Guam. We need to get it
over to this other island. We have these problems with it. You know,
this pump over here effects this pump be over there and without that
pump than this other machine is gonna work, and you have to kind of
understand all of it. Now, the sailors under you don't necessarily
need to know that whole entire thing. It's gonna overwhelm them. Some
of them have just been in for a few months. Others a year or two,
and they're they're just getting the feel for the Navy. So they they're
not gonna understand all of those other pieces of equipment or
how they operate, But they don't need to. And that's the point. That's
your whole goal as a chief, to separate the critical from the non
critical. Um, so yeah, that our long conversation that I had talking
about How we as a group as a ship as a department are going to get
the ship from a to B. I filter that down to say, Hey, you know what?
Third class, Petty officer, second class Petty officer, We have, uh,
that's led to sell. That needs to be taken out and provided with
this new one. Can you guys do that? Yes. Thing that that whole entire
transformation of getting the ship from point A to B is just whittled
down to that one small task for them.